README.md, before:

# base-ui-components

> base Angewandte Component Library

This is a component library developed by and used for projects of the
[base Angewandte](https://base.uni-ak.ac.at), 
a collection of applications for the staff and students at the [University of 
Applied Arts Vienna](https://www.dieangewandte.at).

### Installation and Usage

<!---
Install via:
```
npm i base-ui-components
```
-->

Currently this project is still under development and therefore usage
can not be wholeheartedly be recommended at this point. Also the code base
is not publicly available yet, however, in future this project will be 
completely open source and is licensed as specified in the
license section below.
<!-- replaced in future with 
in the [license file](LICENSE.md) -->

<!-- A styleguide will be available at [tbd](). -->

<!-- Development instructions can be found in the [buildSetup](buildSetup.md)
file. -->

### License

base Angewandte design by zukunvt.com is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at base.uni-ak.ac.at.

Icons used are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) license and following attributions should be included:

Trash by Ruslan Mirsalikhov from the Noun project<br>
Save by Markus from the Noun project<br>
Eye by Heipi from the Noun project<br>
Warning by DewDrops from the Noun project<br>
File by By Skye Selbiger, US from the Noun project <br>
duplicate by Adrien Coquet from the Noun Project<br>
Forbidden by Noah from the Noun Project<br>
drag by b farias from the Noun Project<br>
success by Trident from the Noun Project<br>
Download by scott desmond from the Noun Project<br>

The software of this project is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright 2019 Universität für angewandte Kunst Wien (University of Applied Arts Vienna)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

<!-- logo angewandte -->
![alt text](static/angewandte-logo.svg "Angewandte")
<!-- logo base -->
![alt text](static/base.png "base Angewandte")
<!-- logo zukunvt?  or anything else? -->

Commit message:

feat: adding text present icon to multiline text

README.md, after:

# base-ui-components

> base Angewandte Component Library

This is a component library developed by and used for projects of the
[base Angewandte](https://base.uni-ak.ac.at), 
a collection of applications for the staff and students at the [University of 
Applied Arts Vienna](https://www.dieangewandte.at).

### Installation and Usage

<!---
Install via:
```
npm i base-ui-components
```
-->

Currently this project is still under development and therefore usage
can not be wholeheartedly be recommended at this point. Also the code base
is not publicly available yet, however, in future this project will be 
completely open source and is licensed as specified in the
license section below.
<!-- replaced in future with 
in the [license file](LICENSE.md) -->

<!-- A styleguide will be available at [tbd](). -->

<!-- Development instructions can be found in the [buildSetup](buildSetup.md)
file. -->

### License

base Angewandte design by zukunvt.com is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Permissions beyond the scope of this license may be available at base.uni-ak.ac.at.

Icons used are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) license and following attributions should be included:

Trash by Ruslan Mirsalikhov from the Noun project<br>
Save by Markus from the Noun project<br>
Eye by Heipi from the Noun project<br>
Warning by DewDrops from the Noun project<br>
File by By Skye Selbiger, US from the Noun project <br>
duplicate by Adrien Coquet from the Noun Project<br>
Forbidden by Noah from the Noun Project<br>
drag by b farias from the Noun Project<br>
success by Trident from the Noun Project<br>
Download by scott desmond from the Noun Project<br>
text by Bohdan Burmich from the Noun Project<br>

The software of this project is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright 2019 Universität für angewandte Kunst Wien (University of Applied Arts Vienna)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

<!-- logo angewandte -->
![alt text](static/angewandte-logo.svg "Angewandte")
<!-- logo base -->
![alt text](static/base.png "base Angewandte")
<!-- logo zukunvt?  or anything else? -->
